Add option `allowGetBody` to allow GET requests with payload (#1081)
sindresorhus/got: readme.md

By default, redirects will use [method rewriting](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.4). For example, when sending a POST request and receiving a `302`, it will resend the body to the new location using the same HTTP method (`POST` in this case).

###### allowGetBody

Type: `boolean`\
Default: `false`

> By default, GET methods are not allowed to have a payload. This option is to force GET requests to have a payload. Please note that this is an [anti-pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-pattern) and NOT RECOMMENDED. In many servers, the payload in a GET request could be ignored or even lead to errors. Please read the [RF 7321](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-4.3.1) docs for more information. Please note this option is only enabled for interacting with non-compliant servers when you have no other choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The [RFC 7321](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-4.3.1) doesn't specify any particular behavior for the GET method having a payload, therefore **it's considered an [anti-pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-pattern)**.

Set this to `true` to allow sending body for the `GET` method. However, the [HTTP/2 specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7540#section-8.1.3) says that `An HTTP GET request includes request header fields and no payload body`, therefore when using the HTTP/2 protocol this option will have no effect.
```

> By default, GET methods are not allowed to have a payload. This option is to force GET requests to have a payload. Please note that this is an [anti-pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-pattern) and NOT RECOMMENDED. In many servers, the payload in a GET request could be ignored or even lead to errors. Please read the [RF 7321](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-4.3.1) docs for more information. Please note this option is only enabled for interacting with non-compliant servers when you have no other choice.

Reviewer 2: > This option is to force GET requests to have a payload

This makes it sound like Got is actually "forcing" it to have a body. However, the user is still free to not provide one. It just "allows" the user to supply a body.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, GET methods are not allowed to have a payload. This option is to allow GET requests to have a payload. Please note that this is an [anti-pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-pattern) and NOT RECOMMENDED. In many servers, the payload in a GET request could be ignored or even lead to errors. Please read the [RF 7321](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-4.3.1) docs for more information. Please note this option is only enabled for interacting with non-compliant servers when you have no other choice.
```

Changing the force to allow should make more sense then.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, GET methods are not allowed to have a payload. This option is to allow GET requests to have a payload. The [RFC 7321](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-4.3.1) doesn't specify any particular behavior for the GET method having a payload, therefore it's considered an [anti-pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-pattern) and NOT RECOMMENDED. Please note this option is only enabled for interacting with non-compliant servers when you have no other choice.
```

> **Note:**  **Not Reccomended**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
